---
author: me
favicon: 🕸️
---

December Build Club

### December Build Club?
    * Work on a project everday for a month (December) to get it off the ground.

# Day 1

Stepped into an old project, Bubble Chess, which has the goal of helping a Chess novice develop an intuition for Algebraic notation. This will be done in the terminal using the Terminal UI framework named Bubbletea which implementes a Model-View-Update pattern that I haven't worked with before this but quite like.

Wins for the day:
* Documented the debugging process before I forgot about it forever
    * Had to use `cat ~/.githistory | fzf` to figure out what I had been doing months ago
* Descoped the project
    * I will be targetting MacOS/Zsh/Alacritty and making no consideration for the weird color behavior in VSCode/xterm.js
    * I will be soley creating a terminal app during this December, the in-browser WASM app will have to wait

Next:
* Refactor color handling given scope change
* Create tutorial notifications (errors, hints, etc)
* Create highlighting system
    * Start with highlighting column when user types in column header
    * Create data structure for highlight state (bitboard?)

# Day 2

Wins:
* Updated visuals
    * Colors now using `lipgloss.CompleteColor{}` which gives granular control over colors used for various levels of color-support
* Fixed long-standing bug
    * I wasn't updating the move history when the enemy moved
* Working on highlightBoard using bitboard
    * I confirmed this was a reasonable starting point by reading the chess go pkg source. At this point I have a copy locally that I check frequently.
        * With this window include I am now using 3 instances of VSCode at a time, it has struck me that maybe I could find a better way to do this but maybe much later.

Notes:
* Unfocused
    * I spent a lot of time working on my blog just cause I had it open writing the DBC post.
        * Created my own problem by updating the Gemfile to include ruby-lsp and then quickly having to reinstall the Github support Ruby to bundle after a few failed deploys
* Time-eater
    * Didn't define timeblock for project work so that ate into rest of the day

Next:
* Find good strategy for reading and writing to/from a bitboard
* Implement popover notifications
    * likely using lipgloss formatting utils
