---
author: me
favicon: 🤔
---

Firstly, it's just a _nice_ language. I've heard it described as the programming equivalent of eating your vegetables. I'd consider it eating broccoli slathered in cheese sauce. Not everyone likes it because it makes an attempt to make vegetables palatable.

But that is not why...

## Ok, why?

Go is interesting in contrast to technologies like Ruby, Python, JavaScript, and that ilk that remind one of (to continue the food analogy) junk food. They allow for a disregard for, among other things, performance and simplicity. I will not prove this, you know this to be true or you don't. The sinking guilt that oneself and one's team is indulging in teeth rotting candy does not _feel_ good.

Go is compelling out of the selection of other languages like Rust, Zig, C++, Nim, etc. because it's approach to softening for transition from junk to healthy food is quite _nice_. Really, it's good programming language marketing. Few people do a research paper on why they are testing out another language so all it really takes is a couple hard hitting "features".

### "Features"

Features as in those checkboxes on a sales page that is trying to get your money, except in this case they want your mindshare.

## What's the goal?

I don't want to be a one tricky pony that can work on a certain web-dev stack and nothing else.

I think the best way to do that is to start at a lower level of programming to _really_ understand what is going on up top.

I think the best way to do _that_ is by finding an "old-school" language, statically-typed, compiled, non-OOP, and write something that's closer to the metal.

For me that looks like

- [Write a TUI game](https://github.com/coffee-dan/bubble-chess)
- Contribute to open source
- [Finish the ASL compiler](https://github.com/coffee-dan/asl-compiler)
- Write a toy web server
- Write a toy terminal

## Ok, so it's not about Go

No, lol

## Conclusion

I hope to come back to this journal/blog/article and provide meaningful updates to my progress towards becoming a more well rounded programmer.
